Hey! So, kiklos' social reach for now is:
https://soundcloud.com/kiklos_sintonia
Soundcloud on kiklos' name ---->playlist
https://twitter.com/kiklotic
twitter on kiklos' name -----> announcing new chapters and logging
https://paulosergio-s.github.io/index.html
kiklos story -----> storytelling


<!--
*Write chapter 2

*Add interaction to the story, splitting the timeline.
*Implement a search box for the Beastiary
POKEDEX SORT OF ARRANGEMENT
*Start coding the store, and thinking about the rpg system. 
-->

Useful links:
www.htmlandcssbook.com/code/
www.960.com
blueprintcss.com
lessframework.com

        As Kiklos rushed to follow the damned fox, he started to notice very unusual, small red-capped mushrooms. He was almost catching up to the sunfox, who clearly wasn't making much effort to run, and a big rock sprung from the ground, right between Kiklos and the mysterious fox. The cyclop respects the rock spirits, so he stops to listen. The fox, gaining too much distance from our hero, disappears. The rock opens up two large eyes. *AHEM Ahem* -- "I am MALFIUS, a messenger spirit. I come to provide guidance from your mother."
        "...my mother? where is my mother?"
        "I have no clue, child. But she summoned me to protect and guide you until her return. She had to tend to some urgent matters -- an evil intentioned invasion of some kind of species on this biome had grown worse faster than she had ever anticipated."
        Silence followed. Kiklos then notices a small, red capped mushroom growing from the spirit's surface. 
        "I have called upon some allies... The closest ones I could find. They will take you. That is, unfortunately, all I can do. You need to find the blue mushroom and the frog."
        His heart drops, and he starts running. Blue mushroom: the fox was possesed by one. 
        "May your ground be FIRM and your balance STRONG, youngling!" the spirit enchanted as Kiklos disappeared behind him. As he ran, he was noticing more and more red mushrooms around him. They had white dots scattered across their red caps, and were short and stubby. Soon after, he was reaching bigger and bigger mushrooms by the minute, until he bumped into a mushroom twice his size. The mushrooms here have smiling mouths, drooling at the sight of prey. The largest one opened a wide mouth, revealing round, pearl-white teeth, ideal for crushing the hardest surfaces. Apparenlty, he was the only fully developed mushroom around. No others could open their smiling mouths. The mushroom goes from breathing heavily, desperately, to screaming. Horrifying, grotesque, screaming. His body was twitching, and, painfully, started separating two limbs out of the core of the body. Two long arms now were self-carved on the mushroom, and Kiklos was paralyzed by fear. He was too close to the mushroom to run. If he tried, he would lose his life. The mushroom tries to grab Kiklos, but misses. He still has poor coordination. The kid notices, and his combat memories kick in: he fixes his feet on the ground and lands two powerful punches on the mushroom's arm, which gets broken in half. The mushroom wails. Other mushrooms around them wail. They are desperate. 
        The mushroom's broken arm is besides Kiklos on the ground. Mushroom fibers are very light and easy to break sometimes, his mom had told him many times. The fungi stop wailing and start biting their own teeth, and desperately start trying to spit teeth shards at Kiklos. He shields himself with the torn arm. Some shards are harmless: they hit and don't even damage. As the child lets his guard down, he is pierced on his leg: a piece of tooth is now stabbed onto his leg. On the sight of his own blood, he swings the arm around and throws it into it's owners mouth, choking him, and incapacitating him from spitting any further. He is confused, and in a few seconds, he stops trying to spit his arm out and pins Kiklos down to the ground. The mushroom cannot hurt him anymore, but has trapped our friend. "Who are you? Where is my mother?" he demanded. The mushroom laughed cruelly, and kept at it until he choked some more on his arm. Kiklos, passing out from his bleeding leg, sees a flash of light and flames engulfing the scene. Someone picks him up, and suddenly, everyone is flying over the Vermillion Plains, looking at the sunset.
